yeah
i would say definitely the
number one modern conveniences
that really miss the most
and then whenever I i can take
advantage of it i do is a shower
some of the things I miss about
living in society is a hot
shower
this hot water and the showers
and washing machines these
things are very useful
because there's a reason why
people invented water heaters
i'll be honest i miss having hot
water and being able to just
quickly and you know
watch a big greasy pot with hot
water hot shower is phenomenal
I like every time I get out of
shower my friends can attest to
this i've been at their place
you know and come in and you're
traveling or something and i'll
be in take a shower and i'll
come out and I'm just completely
you have a huge smile on my face
and I always say that's a life
changer
yeah so what I have to do now is
heat up a pot of water over the
stove and then you know use that
hot water to wash the dishes and
so everything takes a little bit
longer but again i have more
time so I'm okay with the fact
that things take longer but yeah
sometimes I do wish i could just
turn the oven on not worried
about starting a fire and
everything else
yeah there's lots of ways I've
been trying to think of ways to
make a hot shower out here and i
think i've got some that would
be really slick because them
yeah feels good and it's a maybe
not is you know I feel really
strong when I jump in the creek
in the winter like that really
like is like while I'm alive but
there's a lot of ways feel alive
and coming out of a hot
this thing in shower is pretty
good too